Good people, this is an old canary.
that's why it's full of cross
had on the legs this cross had gone
growing even the whole canary
The time passes and he creates
And there comes a time when he does not
get the most of your fingertips and
with it is felt around for put
apathy in the puleiro usually they stay
or bottom of the cage or just a leg that
even has a little blood because
in some moments it already hurts already
It is so dry that he is with her nails
big of the first thing I'm going to do
it will be to stop his nails so that
he can handle manager on the perch and
For this I will use pliers of
cuticle, always being careful not to
cut where there is the red line that is
where the blood flows from his nail I
I avoid cutting very short I prefer to have
cut several times once a year one
other than to run the risk of hurting
the bug
some going and rolling is also normal
put the old man in genetics should
to grow in the middle and have to
take care also happens in the border
He turns and enters his house is a nail well
thin strip to cut that is the insurance
He also does not force the finger animal
jeans insurance that cuts only or only
be careful also that the pet does not stay
if you hit yourself with the cut
from alicante as a bright fib
This is the dermis or quadrillion
the generic that I'm going to pass now
a very thick layer where there is a cost
on his legs can leave a layer
thick even he will be troubled
nor is he going to look at it and stay
joking but it 's good to also go with
careful not to hurt
remembering that their bones are very
thin and fragile any strength you
do you break only had lips
I do a little massage just and
ready and this outlet too I can
to leave a thick layer in the
players who use them most to force them
to stay on top of the
ointment